I mean, I don't know,
rust was pretty cool, all right?
Once those methods exist, it's actually
a fairly trivial problem to solve.
But if you didn't know those
methods exist or what they do,
it's a really hard problem to solve.
So it's an either or.
And so of course the whole goal of
that last section was just to get us
a little bit familiar with rust.
So okay, we ran into pretty much
virtually no ownership problems because
we're just passing values, all right?
We wouldn't ever hold on to things.
So as we program, our little CLI app,
there will be times in which we
are going to run into these.
And I've even pre-planned it as long as I
don't screw it up and program it correctly
like a massive ownership problem
that should happen at the end.
And so we should see how these things
really play out in practical rust as
opposed to these simple operations
which often you don't actually run into
problems in the simple ones.
All right, so
I did wanna also go over some like, hey,
here are some language gotchas
that I think are important.
So let's first talk with go.
I did mention this earlier, all right?
So if you have a struct foo,
and you have a thing,
you can have what is referred to as
a value receiver or a pointer receiver.
A value receiver does not do
anything with the statement.
So when I have f.thing equals five,
your f does not get changed.
So that is a value receiver.
So that is just something you
should always keep in your head.
This can just massively screw you up,
so just be careful.
Instead, a pointer receiver on
the other hand will change that answer
because you are manipulating
the thing that is pointing
to yours as opposed to
a copy of what you had.
As I just a good thing to remember
I've been bit by this multiple times.
So I tend I know there's like 17 rules to
why you should use a pointer and go and
when you shouldn't use a pointer.
More often than not, I think that an easy
answer is default a locks to a pointer.
Unless if you really know
why you don't need one.
If you're gonna be having errors,
you pretty much need one or
else you have to return blank
versions of it, empty versions of it.
If you need the mutated
[INAUDIBLE] you gonna want some
things here so
don't get confused, all right?
There we go there is perf wins I've
read at least read articles I've never
personally tested myself but apparently
using value receivers even though
the struct is copied can actually
have some set of performance wins.
Again, I haven't investigated
any level to it,
so I can't tell you exactly why or
how that's happening, but it does, so.
Alright, so one more on go versus
rock struct or rust structs.
So I did actually go over this I believe
in yeah, okay I did talk about this.
So if you have a GoLangstruct and has y
than x we actually talked about this,
all right?
And then you have a constructor
method called new struct.
This is a list initializer,
y will be equal to x, and
x will be equal to y because it goes
in order of your struct properties.
This is backwards compared to rust.
Just remember that,
I know I've said it multiple times today.
It's just such an easy way to get owned
right like you just don't you just
don't want that, it's just not fun.
Whereas with rust this does work even
though these properties are backwards
because of course it uses the name
of the variable To map it over.
If the name does not match then you
will have to use a little coal and
do that just like Typescript.
And you can even enter mix them just like
TypeScript where you have named ones and
unnamed ones or implicit ones I'm not
sure what the technical name for it is.
But you get the idea, so
this is beautiful this is hurts my
emotions a little bit, all right?
Now that we got that errors, you may
encounter errors remember whenever we have
errors and things like that in Go,
just remember if you have a pointer
it's really easy to do this whole
return nil error situation.
If you don't have that it just
simply makes it harder, all right?
Because you have to construct
an empty foo to return it back and
that's probably not what you want to do.
This is, of course, where this comes
from you've seen this if you've reviewed
anyone's Go code, you've probably seen
this 1000 times in your lifetime.
It almost feels like they should add maybe
a small piece of syntax just to do this
for you, it'd be very fantastic,
but it hasn't happened yet.
So I feel like rust once you have
the basics down, it is slower.
But I feel like it's just less foot gantt,
all right,
everything is a little bit more on tracks.
Obviously, we did find that weird foo
bar function depending on the order plus
trade thing.
But that's probably a rarity.
Traits, make sure you're always thinking
about traits if you're working with
anything with the standard library,
if you look up what traits it needs,
if you implement those, you'll get a whole
set of methods that are really nice.
And so always take some time.
So you know how we use the From.String.
You can also use the just From.String,
and then you can call into on something.
If you don't think it's not
gonna cause any errors but
into consumes the thing, so
we'll go over that we'll actually
use from instead of From.String and
our little CLI application.
But, you always have to balance this idea
of consuming the value versus simply just
referencing the value and
building a new object from it.
So it's just like a little bit more
overhead that you'd normally don't have to
think about in other languages, all right?
When you use something and
go or TypeScript.
If I hand you something, I don't
expect that thing to forever be gone.
It's still in my possession as
much as is in your possession.
So it's nice iterators are really
powerful, they're awesome.
Don't forget about the dot map function as
I showed you multiple times today how much
better it is to use the dot map
instead of like this whole handling
error thinking about errors.
You can just flat map it if
you're working with iterators,
fantastic if your function returns
an option you can dot map.
On an option and return that and so
that way you actually get the map option.
It's pretty cool stuff.